feat(useThemeRTL): Add hook to make RTL easier (#1041)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/labs-react/common/README.md

For more detailed information on this component, please refer to the
[storybook documentation](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/docs/labs-common)

## useThemeRTL

This is a way to automatically transform CSS, applied using either Emotion's css attribute or by a
style attribute, when there is a RTL theme in use. Instead of authoring two sets of CSS objects, one
for each language direction. Now you can author the LTR version and this hook will automatically
create the RTL counterpart for you on the fly. This works for both object and string template
Emotion methods.

For convenience we also export a ComponentStyles type if you want to organize your styles all
together.

### Usage

```tsx
/** @jsx jsx */
import {jsx} from '@emotion/core';
import {ComponentStyles, useThemeRTL} from '@workday/canvas-kit-labs-react/common';

> const styles: ComponentStyles = {
>   panel: {
>     margin: '8px',
>   },
>   top: {
>     top: '8px',
>   },
>   red: {
>     color: 'red',
>   },

Reviewer: import {space} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/tokens';

```suggestion
const styles: ComponentStyles = {
  panel: {
     // `themeRTL` will transform this to `marginRight` when the direction is `RTL`
    marginLeft: space.xxs,
  },
  top: {
    top: space.xxs,
  },
  red: {
    color: 'red',
  },
```

This is a good, simple example, but I'd like to make a couple slight alterations:

* use space tokens just to encourage the idea of using token values
* switch `margin` to `marginLeft` as that attr will be updated for RTL

};
export const HelloWorld = () => {

>   const {themeRTL} = useThemeRTL();
>   return (
>     <div css={themeRTL(styles.panel, styles.top)} style={themeRTL(styles.red)}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const {themeRTL, theme} = useThemeRTL();
  const panelStyles = {
    ...themeRTL(styles.panel),
    backgroundColor: theme.canvas.palette.neutral.main, 
  };
  // You can also pass `panelStyles` to the `style` prop, if preferred.
  return (
    <div css={panelStyles} style={{...styles.top, ...styles.red}}>
```

A couple things here as well:

* show `theme` being provided as well and why you might want to use it so it's not hidden
* passing bidirectional styles to themeRTL and separating out the rest

I'm very open to feedback on this usage though. If it makes more sense to leave it as:

```tsx
<div css={themeRTL(styles.panel, styles.top)} style={themeRTL(styles.red)}>
```

I'm good with that too. 👍🏻

Author: > passing bidirectional styles to themeRTL and separating out the rest

I might avoid doing this, seems error prone and then you have to think about what needs to be transformed. Like the example of using theme
